What is gradient descent?
What are neural nets?
What is neural net?
What is the concept of regularization?
What is the difference between Keras and Tensorflow?
What is the gradient descent algorithm?
What is convolutional layer?
What is neural nets?
How to train a neural network?
Why do we need to use activation functions?
How do we know when to use convolutional layers and when to use fully connected layers?
What is CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) and how does it work?
How does dropout work?
How can we use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for image classification?
Why do we use convolutional layers?
What is the difference between supervised learning and unsupervised learning?
What do you mean by gradient decent?
What are the types of loss functions?
What is transfer learning?
What do you mean by transfer learning?
What is the purpose of dropout layer?
How to implement RNN?
What is deep learning and how does it differ from traditional machine learning?
How do we handle the overfitting problem in neural nets?
What do we mean by overfitting?
What is dropout?
How do we train a neural net?
Why is the dropout layer important?
What is the difference between Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs)?
Why do we need batch normalization?
What is the difference between batch and mini-batch training?
What are convolutional neural nets (CNNs)?
What is the main difference between convolutional layers and fully connected layers?
How do we initialize weights in neural nets?
What are the differences between Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs)?
What is deep learning?
What are the benefits of using GPUs for training deep neural nets?
Why do we need to use neural nets for deep learning?
How does CNN work?
What do we mean by gradient descent?
What is the loss function?
What does RNN mean?
What is backpropagation?
How does backpropagation work?
What are the different types of neural nets?
What do we mean by “Deep Learning”?
What is Deep Learning?
What are the types of neural nets?
What is CNN?
Why do we need to use convolutional layers?
How do we train the neural nets?
How do we train the model?
What is the difference between convolutional layers and fully-connected layers?
How do you train a neural net with backpropagation?
What is Deep learning?
What do we mean by deep learning?
What are the key differences between deep learning and traditional neural nets?
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning?
What is the concept of “batch” in machine learning?
What is an activation function?
What is the difference between CNN and RNN?
Why do we need to use dropout layers?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What are convolutional layers?
What is Keras?
What kind of augmentations do you know?
What kind of training do you know?
How do we know what kind of convolutions to use?
Why do we need batch norm?
What kind of losses do you know?
Why do we need dropout?
Why do we need pooling?
How do we know when to stop training?
Why do we need convolutions?
Why do we need learning rates?
What kind of architectures do you know?
What kind of augmentation do you know?
Why do we need convolutional layers?
What kind of regularization do you know?
What kind of learning do you know?
