What is cold start problem?
3 baselines approaches to cold start problem?
What is cold start problem?
What is collaborative filtering?
What is the Adam optimizer?
What are good baselines when building a recommender system?
What is pre-training?
What is the mini-batch?
What is the attention mechanism?
What is a recommender system?
What is the pre-training approach?
What is a pre-training approach?
What is the teacher's model?
What is the teacher-forcing algorithm?
What is an autoencoder?
What is an auto-encoder?
What is the triplet network?
What is the teacher forcing method?
What is an adversarial example?
What is a teacher-based approach?
What is the contrastive loss?
What is the pre-training task?
What is pretraining?
What is the triplet loss?
What is the teacher model?
What is the adversarial attack?
What is the adversarial example?
What is the pretraining approach?
What is the contrastive loss function?
What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
What are the key challenges you face in building a successful data science team?
How do you approach the problem of building recommender systems?
What is the role of data science in organizations?
What is the difference between supervised learning and unsupervised learning?
What are the key components of a data science pipeline?
What are the different types of machine learning models?
What is a recommender system and how does it work?
What is the role of machine learning in data science?
What are the most important challenges facing data science today?
What are the benefits of applying machine learning?
What are the three pillars of machine learning?
What are the most common approaches to building recommender systems?
What is the difference between recommender systems and collaborative filtering?
What are the different types of data, and what are they used for?
What is data science?
What is machine learning?
What are the main challenges faced by data scientists today?
What is data science and what are the key skills required to become a data scientist?
What are the different roles in data science?
How do you define Big Data?
What is Big Data?
What is Machine Learning?
What are the different types of machine learning models and how do they differ from each other?
What is big data and what are the different types of big data?
What is the difference between machine learning, deep learning, and natural language processing?
What are the key components of data science?
What are recommender systems?
What are the most important aspects of building a recommender system?
What is the role of data science in today’s world?
What is Data Science?
What is the difference between unsupervised learning and supervised learning?
What is big data?
What is the importance of Data Science?
What is recommender system?
What is machine learning and how does it differ from other forms of AI?
1.What is data science and how does it differ from machine learning?
What is the difference between supervised learning and unsupervised learning?
What is Machine Learning?
What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
Why is data science important?
What is the role of machine learning in business intelligence?
What are the key challenges faced by data scientists in their work?
What is the difference between unsupervised learning and supervised learning?
What are the different types of data science?
What is Data Science?
What is Big Data and how does it differ from traditional data?
What are the types of data scientists?
What is data science and what are its applications in the real world?
What are the different types of data science jobs?
What are the different approaches that can be used to build recommender systems?
What is the difference between machine learning and artificial intelligence?
What is the difference between predictive and prescriptive analytics?
What is the difference between machine learning, deep learning, and natural language processing?
How would you approach the cold start problem?
What are the key skills and competencies required to be a successful data scientist?
What are the different approaches to building recommender systems?
What is a recommender system, and how does it work?
What do you mean by Big Data?
How do we define machine learning?
What is artificial intelligence?
What is big data, and what are its key characteristics?
What is big data?
What is Data Science and what are its different approaches to solving problems?
What are recommender systems and how do they work?
Explain the importance of building a recommender system and how it can help companies to build their business?
How do you define Data Science?
How do you deal with the cold start problem in recommender systems?
What is data science?
What are the key challenges and opportunities for data science in healthcare?
What are recommender systems?
What do you think is the most important aspect of building a successful data science career?
What are the different kinds of machine learning models?
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning?
What is machine learning?
How would you handle the cold start problem?
What is recommender systems?
What is machine learning and how does it differ from traditional AI?
What is data science?
What is the role of Machine Learning in Big Data Analytics?
What is Big Data?
How do you define data science?
How do I go about building a recommender system?
What are recommender systems?
How do you go about building a recommender system?
What is machine learning and how does it differ from deep learning?
What is machine learning?
What is cold start problem?
What is collaborative filtering?
What cold start problem?
Cold start problem?
What is cold start?
What is contrastive learning?
What is collaborative filtering?
What is a recommender system?
What is the adversarial attack?
What is a pre-training task?
What is the adversarial example?
What is the deep reinforcement learning (DRL) approach?
Possible approaches to solving the cold start problem?
Possible approaches to solving the problem?
What is the pre-training task?
Possible approaches to solving the problem of constructing a good baseline when building a recommender system?
What is the pre-training approach?
What are good baselines when building a recommender system?
Possible approaches to solving the problem of building a good baselines?
What is the contrastive loss function?
Possible approaches to solving the problem of learning a good policy?
What is adversarial training?
What is the contrastive loss?
What is the teacher forcing method?
What is the contrastive learning method?
What is the teacher-student method?
What is the triplet loss?
What is an adversarial attack?
What is the mini-batch?
What is pre-training?
What is an adversarial example?
What is the Adam optimizer?
Possible approaches to solving the problem of unsupervised learning?
What is the attention mechanism?
What is the pre-training technique?
What is the contrastive learning approach?
What is the pretraining approach?
Possible approaches to solving the problem of learning a good initial representation?
What is the teacher-forcing algorithm?
What is a pre-trained model?
Possible approaches to solving the recommender system problem?
What is an recommender system?
What is a recommender system?
What is collaborative filtering?
What are good baselines when building a recommender system?
What is the recommender system?
Possible approaches to solving the cold start problem?
How do you handle missing values in a dataset?
What is the expected output for this function?
What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
How would you solve the following problem?
What is the name of the function that you would use to calculate the correlation between two variables?
What is the problem you are trying to solve?
How do I find the minimum and maximum values of a column in Python?
What do you think is the most important thing to know about Python?
How do you determine if a given model will overfit?
Given a list of people and their age, how would you find the average age of those who are older than 30?
What would you do if you were asked to build a machine learning system that can accurately predict the number of days until an event (e.g., a person's birthday) based on historical weather data?
What is the minimum number of observations required to estimate a parameter?
How would you approach the following problem?
You are given a dataset, and you have to write code that performs some analysis on it.  Here’s an example of one such question:
What is the number of rows in the dataset?
What are the types of data science?
How do you find out how long it will take to complete a task?
What is the difference between Linear Regression and Logistic Regression?
How would you approach this problem?
What is the difference between machine learning and artificial intelligence?
What is the best way to deal with missing data?
Which of the following is the best way to store and access data in Python?
Given a set of observations, how can we compute the mean and standard deviation (or other statistics) of that set?
What are the benefits of using Python to do machine learning in production?
What is the name of your favorite programming language?
What is the most difficult thing you’ve ever had to do in your career and what did you learn from that experience?
What is the purpose of your algorithm?
What is the best way to compare two categorical variables (e.g. gender, ethnicity) in terms of their distributions?
What is the best way to solve this type of problem in Python?
What do you think are the advantages and disadvantages of using linear regression vs. decision trees for classification?
What is the difference between “normal” and “skewed” distribution?
What are the advantages of using R as a data analysis tool?
Explain the difference between linear regression and logistic regression. 2. How can we use logistic regression to predict whether a customer will purchase a product?
What is your favorite programming language and why?
What is the difference between logistic regression and linear regression?
What is the best way to handle missing data?
What is the difference between an algorithm and a program?
How would you handle missing values in your dataset?
What is your favorite programming language?
What are some of the most common types of machine learning algorithms used in industry today?
You’ve been hired at a new company and are given the task of writing a report for management. You’re asked to summarize your findings from an analysis of customer purchase history data. What should you include in your report?
What is the relationship between the mean and variance?
Given a list of numbers, sort them in ascending order. What would be the most efficient way to do it?
What is the difference between 2D and 3D data?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
How would you explain to someone who has no background in machine learning how deep learning works?
You are given a set of numbers, and you have to find the sum of the squares of all the numbers in the set. What is the time complexity of this algorithm?
What do you consider to be your strengths and weaknesses?
What is the difference between mean and median?
What is the difference between a machine learning algorithm and a deep learning algorithm?
Given the code snippet below, can you explain what is happening in this piece of code?
1,000,000 random numbers between -1 and 1 with mean 0. What is the standard deviation?
What is the difference between an API and a database?
How many times did you use SQL?
What are the advantages of using Python over R?
What are the most important steps in an ML pipeline and how would you implement them?
What is the best way to find an outlier?
What is the best way to analyze a dataset containing thousands of records with hundreds of features?
How would you approach the problem of determining which students are most likely to drop out of college, and what is the best way to predict this based on past data?
What would be the ideal number of variables in your model?
What is the best way to represent a continuous numerical variable in a dataset?
What do you see as the biggest challenge for data science today?
What is the difference between a correlation coefficient and a linear regression coefficient?
What is the name of the function you used for PCA?
The interviewer wants you to write a program that takes in a 2D array and returns the sum of its elements. How do you solve this problem?
What is variance?
What’s the difference between clustering and dimension reduction?
How do you determine which machine learning model is best for the given problem?
What is the purpose of feature engineering in Machine Learning?
What are the steps I need to take to build a linear regression model with Python and Matplotlib?
How would you use machine learning to predict the value of a stock?
How can you convert a 2D array into a 3D array?
What is the difference between feature engineering and feature selection?
What is the most common way to plot a time series?
What is the most common type of data that you deal with in your work?
Given a matrix, find the sum of all its elements. How would you solve this problem?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is the difference between regression analysis and prediction?
How would you calculate the area of an ellipse given its semimajor and semiminor axes?
What’s the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
How do you measure the success of an algorithmic trading strategy?
How would you approach the cold start problem in recommender systems?
How would you approach the cold start problem in a recommender system?
What's a recommender system?
What are recommender systems? What do they do?
What are the key characteristics of a recommender system?
What is the cold start problem? What can cause it?
What is the difference between a recommender system and a chat bot?
What are the most common challenges of building recommender systems?
What are the different types of recommender systems?
What are the different types of algorithms that are used for building recommender systems?
What are the common approaches to building an effective recommender system?
How do you deal with cold start problem in recommender system?
What is the role of machine learning in recommender systems?
How do you approach the cold start problem?
What are the key components of a recommender system?
What is the role of AI in recommender systems?
Can you explain the concept of recommender systems?
Can you explain the concept of the cold start problem?
Can you explain the cold start problem?
What are different ways to solve the cold start problem?
What are different ways to solve the cold start problem in recommender systems?
What are the key challenges in building a recommender system?
How can you deal with the cold start problem?
How can you deal with the cold start problem in recommender systems?
What are the benefits of using recommender systems?
What is the importance of machine learning  in recommender systems?
Can neuro nets be used to build recommender systems?
What are the different types of artificial networks to be used in recommender systems?
What are recommender systems? Why do we need them?
What are recommender systems? When do we need them?
What are recommender systems? What do we use them for?
What are recommender systems? What do they do?
What are recommender systems? What can they do?
What are recommender systems? How do they work?
What are recommender systems and how do they work?
What are the key steps in building a recommender system?
How do you build a large-scale recommender system?
What are the different types of recommender systems and how do they differ from each other?
What are the core principles of a good recommender system?
What are recommender systems?
What's recommender system?
What are the challenges you can face when building a recommender system?
What are the problems you can face when building a recommender system?
