How many ways can you arrange the digits 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9?
What’s the difference between regression and classification?
How do you calculate the variance of a random variable?
How do you deal with missing values?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
Given the following code, which of the following statements is true?
How do you find the median of a list of numbers?
What is the difference between a linear model and a logistic regression model?
What’s the most important thing to look for in a data science job?
You are given a list of numbers, and you need to find the sum of all the numbers that are divisible by 3 or 5.  How would you do this in Python?
What is the probability that a patient with a fever will test positive for MRSA (mrsa)?
How would you solve this problem?
2D to 3D Data
1 Example of a data science interview question: 2D to 3D Data
2 Question: How do you convert a 2D array into a 3D array?
What is the purpose of this code?
How do you choose the most appropriate model for your data?
You are given the following dataset, and you need to use your statistical knowledge to answer the following questions:
1. What is the distribution of the number of books read per person?
What is your favorite programming language?
How would you solve this problem in Python?
10 questions and answers
Data Science Interview Questions & Answers
What are the types of Data Science?
Describe the problem you are trying to solve with your dataset. 2. What do you think is the best way to go about solving this problem?
Given a set of n items, how do you find the top-k most frequently occurring items in an array?
How do you calculate the mean and standard deviation of a list of numbers?
What is the difference between regression and prediction?
You are given a sequence of numbers, and you need to find the first number in the sequence that is divisible by both 2 and 3. How would you do it?
What is the difference between a linear regression model and a logistic regression model?
2d array in R
In this example, you’ll learn how to create a 2d array in R and use it to solve a data science interview question.
What is a 2d array in R?
What is the problem that you are trying to solve?
What is the most common cause of death for people with diabetes?
What are the different types of regression?
What are the most important steps in machine learning?
What are the advantages of using R in machine learning?
Given the following code, what is the output?
How do you decide which algorithms to use in a given situation?
In this blog post, we are going to learn about one of the most common interview questions for data scientists – "what is your favorite dataset and why?
How do you evaluate the quality of an algorithm?
What is the best way to deal with missing values in your dataset?
What are the main components of an R package?
What is the difference between clustering and classification?
How do you calculate the confidence interval for a sample mean?
What is the purpose of your code?
How can I find the best model for my data?
What is the difference between linear regression, logistic regression, and multinomial regression?
I was recently asked this question at an interview:
What is the difference between machine learning and statistics?
What was your first programming language?
How can you use machine learning to make predictions?
How would you design an algorithm to solve this problem?
How can we improve the accuracy of this machine learning model?
What is the most important thing you would want to know about a given dataset before beginning any analysis?
