How would you find the maximum value of f(x) = (x^2 + 4x – 6)/(x^2 – 3x + 2) in the interval [0, 5]?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is the difference between an R2 and a Pearson correlation coefficient?
How do you solve the following problem?
How would you handle the following problem?
What is the difference between an average and a mean?
2D vs 3D convolutional neural network
I have been asked to write an answer to the following question:
What is the difference between a 2D convolutional neural network and a 3D convolutional neural network?
10 questions to ask during an interview with a data scientist
Data Science Interview Questions and Answers
What is the difference between statistics and data science?
Given a dataset with n observations, what is the expected value of the mean squared error (MSE) between the predicted values and the actual values?
What is the current state of the art in X?
What is the purpose of this code?
How would you solve the following problem?
How do you deal with missing values in machine learning?
Given the following code snippet, what is the expected output?
Given a list of items, what is the most efficient way to sort them?
2D to 3D conversion
The following is an example of a data science interview question:
Given a 2D dataset, how would you convert it to a 3D dataset?
You are given a set of n items, and you need to find out the most popular item in the set. How would you do it?
How do you deal with missing values in a dataset?
What is the goal of your analysis?
What are the most common ways to visualize data?
Given the following code snippet, what does it do?
What is the most difficult part of your job?
10 questions to help you land your dream job
In this article, we are going to look at the top 10 data science interview questions and give some tips on how to answer them.
What is a data scientist?
What is the main idea behind your algorithm?
How would you find out if the number of people who use your product is increasing or decreasing over time?
1-3 In this blog post, I will share an example of a data science interview question. In particular, I will talk about how to answer questions such as the following:
What are the top 5 most important skills in data science?
3-4 years of experience as a data scientist required.
What is the most challenging part of your job as a data scientist?
What is the most common type of error in machine learning?
In this post, I’ll give an example of a data science interview question with two questions. The questions are: 1. What is the difference between random forest and decision tree?
You are given a list of numbers, and you need to find the sum of all the numbers that are multiples of 3 or 5. How would you do this in Python?
What is the best way to deal with missing data in a time series?
How do you solve this problem?
You are given a set of numbers. You have to find the sum of all the numbers in the set using only addition and multiplication. What is your algorithm?
How do you find the mean and standard deviation of a dataset?
What’s the most important part of your resume?
5 questions to ask during an interview
The following is an example of a data science interview question that you might be asked, and how you might answer it.
What’s your favorite programming language?
What is your favorite book or movie?
You are given a list of n numbers, and you need to sort them in ascending order. What is the best way to do this?
What is the difference between clustering and dimensionality reduction?
In your own words, explain what is meant by the term “machine learning”?
What do you think are the biggest challenges in data science?
How do you determine the optimal number of clusters for K-means clustering?
