How to calculate the standard error of the mean (SE) in R?
What is the best way to handle missing values in a dataset?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
1, 2, or 3?
Given the following dataset, what is the probability that at least one of the two players has more than 10 points?
How would you approach this problem?
How would you improve the accuracy of this model?
What is the most common mistake people make when they first start learning about data science?
“How do you deal with high variance in the data?
How would you solve this problem?
In this article, we will explore the difference between 1.5D and 3D models in the context of data science.
What is a 1.5D model?
What is the difference between a regression model and a classification model?
What is your favorite programming language?
What is the expected value of a function f(x) = x^2?
What is the difference between a linear regression and a logistic regression?
How would you calculate the expected value of a random variable?
What is the difference between K-means clustering and k-nearest neighbors classification?
How do you find the correlation between two variables?
What is the difference between linear and non-linear regression?
What is the best way to visualize time series data?
How do you deal with missing values in a dataset?
What is the best way to determine if a function is continuous?
How would you deal with missing values in the dataset?
How to deal with missing values in Python?
What is the purpose of this program?
What is the difference between correlation and covariance?
How many times have you had to use the `map` function?
In this post, we are going to see an example of a data science interview question: 3 questions and answer. Let’s dive right in!
What is Data Science?
What is the most important step to ensure that your code runs on all major operating systems and platforms?
“Why do you want to work in data science?
You are given a dataset with 10 columns and 1000 rows. What is the minimum number of queries needed to find the average of each column?
How do you build a machine learning model to predict the number of people who will vote for a candidate in an election?
In this example, we will see how to write a data science interview question with the help of examples.
What is a data science interview question?
What is the minimum amount of data that should be collected to build an effective model?
What are the different types of machine learning algorithms?
What is the expected value of an experiment?
What is the difference between clustering and classification?
What is the best way to analyze and visualize categorical data?
If you had to pick one, what would it be?
What is the difference between categorical and numerical variables?
What is your favorite programming language and why?
What is the difference between regression and classification?
2d to 3d projection
What is the formula for 2d to 3d projection?
How would you use Python to find the maximum value in an array?
What is the probability that two people picked at random from a group of 100 will have different birthdays?
What is your approach to solving this problem?
How do you find the number of rows and columns in a Pandas DataFrame?
What is the difference between a 2D and a 3D array?
