How do we deal with overfitting in neural nets?
What is dropout?
How do we train our model?
What are neural nets and how do they work?
What are the differences between convolutional layers and fully connected layers?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is CNN and how does it work?
What is CNN?
What is the difference between convolutional layers and fully connected layers?
What is the difference between CNN and RNN?
What is Deep Learning?
What do we mean by transfer learning?
What is the dropout layer?
What are the basic concepts of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and how do they work?
How to get the number of training examples per epoch. What is the batch size?
What are CNNs?
How does dropout work?
What is Gradient Descent?
How to build a neural net for classification?
What are the different types of neural nets?
What is the difference between deep learning and convolutional neural networks?
What is neural net?
How do we measure and compare the performance of neural nets?
How do we train a deep neural net?
What is CNN (Convolutional Neural Networks)?
What is Neural Nets?
What is the difference between deep learning and supervised learning?
What is Keras?
What is neural nets?
Why do we use neural nets?
What is Keras and how does it work?
What is the loss function?
What are CNNs and how do they work?
How do we evaluate the performance of our model?
What is the difference between gradient descent and stochastic gradient descent?
How do we know when the model is overfitting?
Why do we need to use dropout layer in neural net?
How do we train neural nets?
What is the main difference between Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs)?
How do we know that a model is over-fitted?
Why do we need to use dropout layer?
What is transfer learning and how does it work?
What do we mean by Convolutional layers?
What is transfer learning?
What do you mean by overfitting and underfitting?
What is the gradient descent?
What is the difference between Keras and Tensorflow?
What is the difference between training and testing?
How to train a neural net using backpropagation?
What is Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)?
What is gradient descent?
How do we know when to use dropout layers and when not to?
What is deep learning?
How to build an ensemble model?
What are the different ways to train your neural nets?
What is convolutional layer?
What is backpropagation?
What is the difference between Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs)?
What is CNN (Convolutional Neural Network)?
Why do we use dropout layers in neural nets?
How to implement CNN?
What are the differences between CNN and RNN?
How do we choose the hyper-parameters?
