How do you find out if there is a relation between two variables?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
3-4 questions to ask during an interview
What is the expected salary for a data scientist?
What is the difference between a time series and a non-time series?
What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
How would you solve this problem?
If I was looking for a job, how would I find you?
What would you do in this situation?
How do you know if the model is overfitting or underfitting?
How do you find the most appropriate algorithm to solve a given problem?
How would you find out if the price of an item has changed since the last time you bought it?
What is your favorite programming language?
What is the difference between a linear regression and a logistic regression?
What is the difference between feature engineering and feature selection?
In your own words, what is machine learning?
What is the difference between machine learning and artificial intelligence?
How do you deal with missing values in your dataset?
What is the best way to find outliers in a dataset?
What is the most difficult part of your job?
How would you handle this situation?
What is the best way to solve a given problem?
What is the output of the following code?
How do you evaluate the performance of a predictive model?
1/3 + 2/3 =?
10,000 rows of data in Excel. How would you approach it?
Given the following dataset, how would you find the top 10 most frequent values in column “age”?
Given the following code, how would you create a new array with the first and last elements of an existing array?
What is the best way to get started with machine learning?
How do you handle missing values?
I've been asked to provide an example of a data science interview question, and I'm not sure where to start. Can someone give me some guidance on how to answer this?
How many ways are there to pick n items from a set of m items?
What is the best way to deal with missing values in your dataset?
How do you solve the following system of equations?
What is the purpose of your code?
2D and 3D Data
Question: What is the difference between 2D and 3D data?
Here is an example of a data science interview question:
Given the following data, what is the number of rows in the table?
What is the difference between k-nearest neighbors and naive Bayes?
What is your favorite algorithm?
You’ve been given a dataset and asked to answer the following questions: 1. What is the maximum value in the dataset?
This is an example of a data science interview question. It asks for 1-3 questions, each with a single correct answer. The questions are:
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
10,000 rows in a database
Data Science Interview Question: 10,000 rows in a database
The following is an example of a data science interview question: 10,000 rows in a database. How would you approach this problem?
What is the difference between a neural network and a deep neural network?
What is the purpose of this analysis?
How can you evaluate the performance of a machine learning model?
What are the main components of a machine learning model?
