What is the main difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
How do you find the number of days between two dates?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is the relationship between the following two sets of data?
In the past few years, what has been the most important development in the field of data science?
What’s the difference between correlation and causation?
How would you approach this problem?
What is the difference between k-means clustering and k-nearest neighbors clustering?
What is the difference between an algorithm and a program?
What is the expected return on investment (ROI) for a machine learning model?
What is the difference between feature engineering and feature extraction?
How would you recommend addressing this error in Python?
What is the most important thing to consider when developing a machine learning model?
What is the purpose of this code?
1,500 words or less.
What is the best way to approach this type of question?
What is your favorite programming language?
What is the difference between machine learning and artificial intelligence?
What is the difference between a machine learning model and a deep learning model?
What is the name of your favorite programming language?
What is the best way to visualize time series data?
How do you deal with missing values in your dataset?
How would you solve this problem using Python?
What is the difference between a linear regression model and a logistic regression model?
What is the difference between an R script and a Python script?
What is the best way to find out if a person is lying?
How do you find the correlation between two categorical variables?
How would you calculate the variance of the sum of two independent random variables?
How would you solve this problem?
Explain how you would go about solving the following problem?
How do you solve the following equation?
If you were to create a new dataset, what would you include in it?
Let’s say we have a 2D array of size n x m, and we want to find the number of elements that are greater than or equal to k. What is the best way to solve this problem?
What is the problem that you are trying to solve?
What is the maximum value of f(x) when x = -2?
How would you go about finding the average value of an array of values?
10 Questions to Help You Prepare for Your Next Data Science Job Interview
What is a data science job interview?
How do you deal with missing data in your data set?
Can you explain the difference between regression and classification?
What are the different types of machine learning algorithms?
What is the difference between mean and average?
You are the CEO of a software company and you want to hire a Data Scientist. What would you do?
How do you find the maximum number of elements in an array?
What is the best way to visualize and analyze time series data?
What does it mean for a dataset to be balanced?
What is the difference between an array and a vector in R?
How many possible combinations are there if you have 3 sets of 5 items each?
What is the probability of an event occurring?
What is the difference between mean and median in statistics?
How do you deal with missing values in your data?
What is the difference between mean and median?
What is the purpose of your analysis?
