What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is the difference between mean and average in statistics?
How would you deal with the following problem?
What are the most common types of machine learning models?
Today I am going to give you an example of a data science interview question, which I think is very good.
The question is “What is the most important part of your data science career?
What do you think is the most important part of your job?
How do you calculate the variance of a distribution?
How would you solve this problem?
What is the difference between feature engineering and feature extraction?
How would you design a machine learning algorithm to determine which customers are likely to churn (leave your company) in the next 12 months?
How would you deal with the following situation?
100,000 records in one column and 10,000 records in another column. What is the most efficient way to sort them?
5 questions to prepare for your next data science interview
In this article, we are going to discuss about example of a data science interview question.
Data Science Interview Questions and Answers:
1) What is Data Science?
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised machine learning?
What is the probability that a randomly selected person in the U.S. has at least one child with Down’s syndrome?
Given a dataset, what is the most common value in each column?
How do you deal with missing values in a dataset?
What is the best way to store categorical variables in a data science project?
What is the name of the technique you would use to calculate the correlation between two variables?
What is the best way to determine the significance of a correlation between two variables?
What is the name of the file used to store the training data?
What are the top 5 things to consider when designing a data pipeline?
5 years ago, you were an analyst. Today, you are a data scientist. What has changed?
How do you analyze and interpret the results of machine learning algorithms?
What is the difference between regression analysis and linear regression?
2D or 3D What is the difference between a 2D and a 3D graph?
How would you handle this problem?
What is your approach to the problem?
If we are given a dataset and want to find the correlation between two variables, how would we do it?
How would you solve the following problem using Python?
How would you approach the following problem?
Given a list of customers, how would you find the top 10 customers who have purchased the most expensive products?
How to calculate the variance of a set of numbers?
Given the following code, what is the output?
What are your plans for the future?
What does it mean for a model to overfit?
What is the most common way to compute the variance of a set of numbers?
You have a dataset with 10,000 rows and 5 features. What is the most efficient way to find the top 10 features that contribute the most to the overall prediction accuracy?
How do you calculate the correlation coefficient between two variables?
What is the difference between a regression model and a logistic regression model?
What is the purpose of your code?
What is the difference between an API and a service?
What is the best way to find the maximum value of a function?
How long does it take to run your code?
What is the name of this dataset?
How do you find the maximum value of this function?
10 questions to ask during an interview
Data Science Interview Questions and Answers (with examples)
1. What is your favorite programming language?
What is your favorite programming language and why?
What is the difference between regression and classification?
Which type of regression is used to model the relationship between two categorical variables?
1/3 + 1/2 + 1/3 =?
Given a list of integers, how do you find the maximum sum of a contiguous subarray?
