What is the most common type of error in statistics?
What is the difference between categorical and numerical variables in terms of statistical analysis?
1, 2, or 3?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is the time complexity of this algorithm?
What is the best way to visualize and explore your data?
How can you use machine learning to predict the probability of a person being a spammer based on their email address?
What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
What is the difference between an average and a mean?
What is the purpose of this algorithm?
If you were to build a machine learning system that could predict the next move in a game of chess, how would you do it?
How many unique values are there in a given dataset?
What is the purpose of this code?
What is the difference between regression and classification algorithms?
What is the best way to deal with missing data in a regression model?
Which of the following statements is true?
What is your favorite programming language?
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised machine learning?
What is the difference between R and Python?
What is the difference between cross-validation and k-fold cross-validation?
What’s the difference between a machine learning model and a computer vision model?
What is the most important piece of advice you can give to someone who wants to become a data scientist?
How would you go about solving the following problem?
Explain how you would approach this problem in R?
What is the name of this algorithm?
What is the best way to find outliers in a dataset?
How do you deal with missing data in a regression model?
What is the difference between correlation and covariance?
Can you tell me about yourself and what you’ve accomplished in your career?
What is the difference between a machine learning model and a statistical model?
In your opinion, what are the most important skills that a data scientist should have?
What is the best way to visualize your data?
What is the best way to calculate the area of a triangle?
What is the difference between a linear regression model and a logistic regression model?
What is the output of the following code?
2D to 3D transformation
In this post, we will discuss the concept of 2D to 3D transformation and its importance in data science.
What is 2D to 3D transformation?
What is the most important thing to consider when choosing a machine learning algorithm?
How many words are there in the dictionary?
What is the purpose of this dataset?
What is the maximum number of nodes in a graph?
How do you deal with the fact that you don’t have access to all the data?
How would you find out the number of elements in a set?
Which is the most important part of the data science process?
I want to know what type of data you are dealing with in your application and how do you plan to use machine learning techniques to solve the problem?
What’s the difference between a normal distribution and a log-normal distribution?
Given a set of n points in the plane, how do you find the convex hull of this set?
What is the difference between clustering and classification?
How do you calculate the standard error of the mean (SEM) for a sample?
What are the differences between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is the difference between training and testing?
I've been asked to write up an example of a data science interview question. Here's my attempt:
Question: What is the difference between feature engineering and feature extraction?
What is your favorite programming language and why?
What is the most important thing to learn in Data Science?
