Given the following code, what is the value of x in the final expression?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is the purpose of this piece of code?
What is the relationship between the following two sets of data?
How would you approach this problem?
Data Science Interview Question #1 - 1-10
What is the difference between a linear regression model and a logistic regression model?
In the context of your career, what is one thing that you would like to learn more about?
What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
What is the difference between an algorithm and a program?
Given a dataset, how would you find the maximum value in a column?
How would you calculate the mean and standard deviation of a dataset with missing values?
What is the most efficient way to calculate the mean, median, and standard deviation of a set of numbers?
Can you tell me about yourself and why you want to work in data science?
In this blog post, I will show you an example of a data science interview question and answer. The question is:
What is the best way to handle missing data in a regression model?
How would you write a query to find the number of times a certain word appears in a set of documents?
10 years ago, what would you have done differently?
What is the difference between machine learning and artificial intelligence?
What are the most important factors to consider when designing a machine learning algorithm?
What is the most important aspect to consider when building a machine learning model?
Here’s an example of a data science interview question I was recently asked:
Suppose you have a 2x2 table, and you want to know how many observations are in each cell. How would you do this?
Given the following dataset, how would you find the total number of rows in the dataset and the total number of columns in the dataset?
What is the best way to handle missing data in machine learning?
What is the best way to calculate the mean and standard deviation of a dataset?
What is your favorite data structure?
What is the relationship between the number of dimensions and the dimensionality of a dataset?
How would you handle this situation?
2d array in python
This blog post is an example of a data science interview question. It’s also an example of a data science interview question with a Python solution.
What is a 2d array?
I'm currently looking for an example of a data science interview question and I've been able to come up with a few, but they are not very good. Can you help me improve them?
How would you deal with the following scenario?
You are given a dataset and need to find the top 5% most frequent values in the dataset. What would be the best way to do this?
2d to 3d projection
In this article, we will see an example of a data science interview question: 2d to 3d projection. What is 2d to 3d projection?
If you were to create an API for your product, what would be the first thing you would do?
What is the relationship between A and B in the following graph?
How would you go about finding the best way to solve this problem?
10 questions to ask during an interview
1. What is your experience in data science?
You have been asked to build a recommendation engine for an online bookstore. Given a set of user reviews, how can you recommend books to users based on the similarity of their preferences?
What is the best way to find out if there is a relationship between two sets of data?
What is the best way to store and retrieve data from a relational database?
What is the current state of machine learning?
What’s the best way to visualize your data?
What is the difference between an API and a RESTful API?
Given an array of n integers, how would you find the sum of all elements in the array?
How can we use machine learning algorithms to solve this problem?
2D to 3D I was asked the following question at an interview:
Given a 2D array, convert it to a 3D array.
What is your algorithm for doing this?
What is the name of this dataset?
What is the difference between categorical and numerical variables?
What do you mean by the term “machine learning”?
What is the best way to represent categorical data in a machine learning model?
What is the difference between a dataset and a table?
