What is the K-means algorithm?
How do you select the best K for k-means?
Do you know any linear models for time series?
How do you know when to stop training your neural nets?
How do we know when to stop training our models?
How do you choose the number of trees for gradient boosting models?
How to solve the K-means problem?
How can we select the best k for k-means?
What are the main challenges in text classification?
How would you solve the problem of overfitting?
What happens to your K-means model if you have no prior knowledge of the number of clusters?
How do you select the regularization parameters for your linear models?
What’s the main problem with gradient boosting trees?
How do you deal with categorical variables?
How would you choose the best parameters for your K-means?
What is the L1-norm?
What is the idea of bag of words?
Do you know how to do feature selection?
How do you select the K in K-means?
Do you know how to choose the number of trees for gradient boosting models?
What’s the difference between L1 and L2 regularization?
How do you choose the number of trees in random forest?
Do we need to do feature selection for linear models?
What are the advantages of L1 regularization?
How do we know that our linear model is good?
Do you know any methods for solving linear programs?
Do you know any methods for selecting variables for linear models?
How do we choose the number of trees in random forest?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using decision trees for text classification?
How do we choose the number of clusters for K-means?
How do you know that your random forest model is not overfitting?
How do you choose the number of trees for random forest?
What is the ROC curve?
Do you know any other techniques for feature selection?
How do you choose your K in K-means?
How do we know if our linear models are overfit?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of linear models?
Do you know any techniques for improving the accuracy of your linear models?
What’s the difference between gradient boosting trees and XGBoost?
How to choose the K in K-means?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of K-means?
Do you know the concept of gradient boosting trees?
How do you know when to use L2 regularization?
How do you choose the random forest model?
Do you know any linear models for text classification?
What is the linear model?
How can we use the K-means algorithm for topic modeling?
Do you know any methods for selecting the optimal number of K in K-means?
Do you know how to select K in K-means?
What is the notion of bias-variance trade-off?
How do you know when to stop training?
What is the L1 regularization?
Do you know any techniques for feature selection?
How do you know when to stop training a neural net?
How do we choose the number of trees in a gradient boosting model?
Do you know any models for time series?
How do you choose the K in K-means?
Do you know the AUC (average precision at k) metric?
Do you know any methods for feature selection?
How do you know if your linear model works well?
Do you know K-means?
How do we know when to stop training?
Do you know any methods for solving linear programming problems?
How do you deal with the curse of dimensionality?
How can we use linear models for text classification?
What are the most important features for text classification?
How do we know when to stop training a neural net?
What are the different types of K-means?
How do you evaluate your decision trees?
How do you deal with overfitting?
How do you know when to stop training your neural net?
How do you know when to use K-means for clustering?
How can we use bag of words for text classification?
Do you know the K-means algorithm?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of linear models for text classification?
How do we know that the gradient boosting trees are better than linear models?
What is the K-fold cross-validation?
Do you know the ROC curve?
Do you know about bag of words?
What is the idea of gradient boosting trees?
How do you deal with missing values?
Do you have any ideas how to do this?
Do you know any techniques for solving linear systems?
How do you choose the number of trees in a random forest?
How do we choose the best split for k-means?
