How do we select the depth of the trees in the random forest model?
How can we select the number of trees in the random forest model?
Why do we need to split our data into three parts: train, validation, and test?
What is mean average precision at k?
What is the learning rate?
What’s the effect of L2 regularization on linear regression?
How do we initialize the weights of a neural network?
How do we select the number of trees in the random forest model?
What is the effect of L2 regularization on linear regression?
What is K-fold cross-validation?
What is precision and recall at k?
How to select the number of trees in the random forest model?
What is the area under the PR curve?
How do we select the depth of the trees in random forest?
How can we use neural nets for text classification?
What is the ranking problem?
How to set the learning rate?
What is the precision-recall trade-off?
How can we incorporate implicit feedback (clicks, etc) into our recommender systems?
How can we use machine learning for search?
Can we have both L1 and L2 regularization components in linear models?
How can we initialize the weights of a neural network?
What’s the difference between random forest and gradient boosting?
What is Adam?
How can we use machine learning for text classification?
Can we use L2 regularization for feature selection?
Is it possible to parallelize training of a random forest model?
What is K-means?
How can we select the depth of the trees in random forest?
What is the ROC curve?
How do we check if a variable follows the normal distribution?
What is the difference between random forest and gradient boosting?
How to select the depth of the trees in random forest?
What is L2 regularization?
Can we use L1 regularization for feature selection?
What is the PR (precision-recall) curve?
How to evaluate your ranking algorithms?
What is the bias-variance trade-off?
How to parallelize training of a new model?
Can we use SGD (stochastic gradient descent) for training a neural net?
What is the curse of dimensionality?
What is the confusion table?
