3-5 questions
A few months ago, I was asked to write an example of a data science interview question. Here is what I came up with:
What is the difference between feature engineering and feature extraction?
What is your favorite programming language and why?
Explain what is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
How would you go about finding the maximum value of f(x,y) = x^2 + y^2 for all (x,y) in R^2?
2D to 3D conversion
In this post, we will explore an example of a typical data science interview question: How do you convert a 2D dataset into a 3D dataset?
In your own words, what is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
Which one of the following is an example of a categorical variable?
How would you find all the numbers in a range that are greater than or equal to 1 and less than or equal to 10?
How would you solve the following problem using Python?
How do you find the correlation between two variables in R?
How do you know when to use which statistical test?
How do I calculate the standard deviation of a time series dataset?
10 years ago, we all had the same problem to solve. Now we have different problems to solve. What’s the difference?
3 questions and the answer
I have been asked to do an interview for a data science position. I am going to try to explain my thought process on how to answer these questions.
1. What was your first job in data science?
How would you approach this problem?
What is the difference between a model and a prediction?
What is the difference between a classifier and a regressor?
What is the difference between a matrix and a vector?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
How many years of experience do you have in Data Science?
1-3 questions, each worth 10% of the total score
I am looking for an example of a data science interview question. Ideally, it would be something along the lines of:
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
Given the following code, how would you write a function to compute the number of unique values in a list?
How would you model this problem?
What is the difference between linear and nonlinear regression?
2D-3D conversion
Given a 2D image, how can we convert it to a 3D image with the same number of rows and columns?
How would you choose the optimal number of samples to use in a classification algorithm?
How do you handle missing values?
What is your favorite programming language?
1.2.3
Data Science Interview Questions and Answers, Data Scientist Interview Questions and Answers
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is the difference between regression and classification in machine learning?
Given a sequence of numbers, what is the sum of the first n natural numbers?
What do you think is the most difficult part of data science?
What is the difference between a neural network and a deep neural network?
“Suppose you are working on a machine learning project. You have the training data and the test data. What is the best way to evaluate the performance of your model?
How can I find the median value in a list?
What is the best way to represent categorical data in a regression model?
3 questions to test if you are a good fit for a data science job
Data science is a rapidly growing field, and many companies are looking to hire data scientists. But what makes a good data scientist?
3 questions to ask yourself
In this post, I will share with you a data science interview question and give you some tips on how to answer it.
What’s the best way to get started in data science?
2-1. What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
What is the difference between clustering and dimensionality reduction?
What is the minimum number of bits required to represent a floating point number in base 2?
How do you deal with missing values in your data?
What is the difference between linear and logistic regression?
How do you evaluate the quality of a dataset?
10,000 rows of data. How would you clean this data?
What is the use case for your solution?
